docs(README): Improving readme with some demos and more info (#394)
googleapis/python-compute: README.rst

    credentials = service_account.Credentials.from_service_account_info(
        json_acct_info)

    scoped_credentials = credentials.with_scopes(
        ['https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform'])

    networks_client = compute_v1.NetworksClient(credentials=scoped_credentials)
    for network in networks_client.list(project='YOUR_PROJECT'):
        print(network)

Long Running Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Any LRO (Long Running Operation), like the many ``insert()`` operations, can be handled using
an ``ExtendedOperation`` object that is returned when a long running operation is started.

You can wait for the completion of an operation using ``result()`` method. This method accepts
a ``timeout`` argument, specifying how long you want your process to wait for completion of the
operation (in seconds). When the call to ``result()`` times out, the operation is not automatically
cancelled. To cancel an operation you can use the ``cancel()`` method. You can query the operation
at any time to check if it's complete with ``done()``.

A sample method to handle LROs featuring error and warning reporting can be found in the Python

> code samples repository: [add link here]

Reviewer: Link missing

Author: Waiting for https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/pull/9104

Author: Link added.

Code Samples
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can find useful code samples that will demonstrate the usage of this library in `the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find useful code samples that will demonstrate the usage of this library on `the
```

Reviewer 2: You can find useful code samples that demonstrate the usage of this...

> code sample browser`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud samples page`_.
```

> .. _the code sample browser: https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?language=python&product=computeengine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _the Google Cloud samples page: https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?language=python&product=computeengine
```

I don't think we use Sample Browser name externally.

PyCharm/JetBrains IDEs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Since the library has grown in size, the files it consists of have outgrown the `default size limit of ~2.5Mb`_.
As a result, the code completion in JetBrains products can fail to work with the classes from our library. To
fix this, you need to update the ``idea.max.intellisense.filesize`` setting in custom properties

> (Help -> Edit custom properties...). Just add a line like ``idea.max.intellisense.filesize = 10000`` to change this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Help -> Edit custom properties...). Just add the following line ``idea.max.intellisense.filesize = 10000`` to change this
```

limit to ~10Mb.

.. _default size limit of ~2.5Mb: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/file-idea-properties.html

Next Steps
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Read the `Client Library Documentation`_ for Compute Engine API
   to see other available methods on the client.
-  Read the `Compute Engine API Product documentation`_ to learn
   more about the product and see How-to Guides.
-  View this `README`_ to see the full list of Cloud
   APIs that we cover.

> .. _Compute Engine API Product documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/compute/

Reviewer 2: Or can we give this link - https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/api/libraries

    <your-env>\Scripts\pip.exe install google-cloud-compute

Authentication and Authorization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This client library supports authentication via `Google Application Default Credentials`_
, or by providing a JSON
key file for a Service Account. See examples below.

Google Application Default Credentials (ADC) is the recommended way to authorize and authenticate

> clients. To learn how to create and obtain `Google Application Default Credentials`_. Here is an

Author: Agreed. Applied.

Long Running Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Long-Running Operations (LROs), like the many ``insert()`` operations, can be handled using
the ``ExtendedOperation`` object that is returned when the LRO is started.

You can wait for the completion of an operation using its ``result()`` method. This method accepts
a ``timeout`` argument, specifying how long you want your process to wait for completion of the
operation (in seconds). When the call to ``result()`` times out, the operation is not automatically

> cancelled. At any time, you can check whether the operation is complete by using its ``done()`` method. 

Reviewer 3: There's a sentence fragment cruft at the end of the paragraph.
